Update app-governance-predefined-policies.md (#549)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/app-governance-predefined-policies.md

- To view the description of the policy, select the policy to see the policy summary and description in the detailed policy window.
- To change the status of a policy (deactivate / activate), select the policy and select **Deactivate** in the detailed policy window.

> - By default, predefined policies will trigger alerts when the conditions are met. You can choose to automatically Disable app when the policy triggers. Use caution when applying actions because a policy may affect users and legitimate app use. To disable app, mark Disable app box under Policy action in the summary section and click save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, predefined policies will trigger alerts when the conditions are met. You can choose to automatically disable the app when the policy triggers. Use caution when applying these actions because a policy may affect users and legitimate app use. To disable the app, mark the **Disable app** box under **Policy action** in the summary section and select **Save**.
```
